From here we're going to start working.
We had a storefront.
We already installed a storefront when we installed combers.
So basically you only open appearance then teams and then you activate the storefronts you don't activate
when Starfleet is activated you can create your own customized.
And this is going to open the cost of my server.
So for example you can click from the first auction site in the know where you can click here to select
a logo.
And in the course materials for these aspecific be you you will find these low that DNG.
So let me open these if you already have on a star if you have a logo for your company you can upload
these on Salek and I'm going to skip cropping and this is going to pick up.
They will match.
You can see we have something like this.
And you can see now we have the dillo into the heather.
For example you can see we have the site title and the dotted line and then we remove the logo to show
you these indicates that you didn't apply the law to me and reload these options that are in line to
for example you had something like the online store for Catalina spa.
So this is going to update the tag line that we have here on the bottom below the site name and let's
say that you went to remove our latest are right here.
So you can customize these D.S..
You can see it's kind of nice back.
And I said takling.
Let me apply the law again.
So let me click here and select skip cropping and this is going to apply the law once you apply the
logo.
The next is going to be normal.
So let me click it on publish.
So this is going to save the changes that we are doing.
You can change the color of the header.
So for example you can have a background color right here.
So you can have this color right here.
This is going to apply a background color into the carrier.
So let me open the second file that is called the style guide.
Let me copy this color I'm going to be using these.
So it's going to apply this color in that so you can either text or call or I'm going to keep this the
full.
So let me go back.
For example you can change the color of the links in this options.
The links for the hair the Mi-Go back to go back and then we have the forward.
So clicking on for her in a scroll to the bottom you will find the food right here you can see it.
These imported these products doesn't really matter.
What is going on continue working with these.
So we have the background color I'm going to be using again me my my palate you can see we have these
dark color.
So then me.
So it is not a color for these.
This is going to play a lot of color and that's why we have this heavy collar cutting core is going
to be the screens that we have here.
So in this case I'm going to play white and we have a tax cut and I'm going to play white in the link.
All right.
Who's going to be white.
Well honestly like white in all of these.
So you can see everything he's white in there.
So let me go back then we have the background color uncle or uncle or Furbies.
I'm going to say like like Ray nothing really dark and like Ray Clerihew then we have their From here
you can go to a top.
This is going to be the Kevin color for the sexual rescue for example you can click here and then me
again up in my ballot I'm going to select the scholar and then make a nice this is going to change the
color for these screens getting of the.
And that's why we have scholars in this case is going to be a like this is going to play up like all
right here.
And that's why we have the corner for buildings at the moment we don't have any links.
Well we have the links right here.
So for example you can change the color so I'm going to show you how to change these With see assessing
the comedians because I'm going at some extra hair styling.
I'm going to change the color because the pink color that I have is different to this one so let me
add this quarter.
So this is going to apply this in all the links that we have in the website and then going out go back
racier then we have the boot.
So let me scroll to the bottom.
We have this vote on so here you can change the color for the buttons.
In this case we're using again this pink color.
So let me add background color right here.
She's going to apply the background color.
You can see change a change so there those were going to change.
So it takes quite honestly or dance.
The color is going to be it's going to be white.
So you can see we have some these when I go back then we have the law for the law.
Let me publish these changes for the law.
We need to up in a different sort of crop up shop on the up in the first option.
If you're lying you can see that we have this product on the left and we have these cyber on the right.
So from you can select the law oversample if you want to add this cybering to the left you can click
here.
And this is going to Strub the are they're going to push they cyber to the left and they contend it's
going to be true.
Right.
So it's up to you.
Which design you see.
Well you like most of these then we have the brother page here you can stick it at the car and by the.
I think I'm going to leave that for Troy here.
And also we have menus.
So in a storefront you can create three different menus.
One is the primary menu which is one name we have the secondary menu which are going to be you.
We're going to use these for the social menu.
And finally we have our menu.
When we the visitor is using the mobile device.
So this is the of help menu you can see we have a shop right here.
So these handheld menus are going to be the menu that is going to be display for the mobile device so
for example you can either extract.
Let me add this about Page let me publish these they can see we have shop in about and you can reorder
these items had about and shop.
And if you go back you can see we had the primary menu and the secondary menu at the moment you have
only my account which is going to be this right.
I'm going to use it when I use these to add the social navigation with some social icons rescue is going
to be really nice.
Let me go back.
We have widgets in this already cast on several we get.
For example the section on the right is called the Saldivar.
So Rocky you got search reassembles recent comments you can remove these for supper movies or this one
also the archives for wordpress.
We did a little removal of these.
And you can either way yet when you enable commerce and stuff from will it will create several different
widgets.
So you got something like a field that products by my price range and we can feel that the prices of
the products for example you can see these when these 16 dollars than me make these two are right in
this broke is going to be with you don't feel that this problem is going to be easy to remove from the
screen because I'm filtering the products by the price so this is very nice.
We did in the upcoming business I'm going to show you a different widgets that we have right here.
So we also have these four columns one two three and four this and this one is right here.
So you can see at the moment we only have two.
So you're going to be hearing a good thing about the site is the section right here.
You can click here and you can change the text which you use.
Yes.
And then start for you then me course you can see when you make the changes in the editor is going to
be.
Right.
So this is something very nice.
That's a half or column we've had these finals.
Can you cancel a change this information and you can see we have only two options.
If you have another one that say that you and do outside the products and list of products maybe you
want to have only two prongs on the bottom and then you have two products.
In the two products because they added 23 so it is going to display two different products and you can
have another one.
So for example let's say that you want to have this one that is race imbue brokes is going to create
another we get it we haven't been any broke so let me open one of these.
Now you can see we have their recent products that may have maybe that risk in the products is going
to be refined so make you don't polish and then you can see we have the widgets.
So it's really nice that storefront Casagrande all these the widget songs sundried very nice.
You can on the homepage settings.
I'm going to leave that before the company is going to be welcome.
And the post-paid she's going to be the block.
So this is fine.
And that's what we have this commercial for example.
This is something we're nice also.
We have these Istar Norris.
So for example we can have something like use the coupon do any off to receive 20 percent of
in your card torrents that I.
And I think I can at 20 percent like this.
And from here you can make a list or not.
So this is going to display the master sheet on the bottom and you can see we can use a coupon 20 of
maybe laid off 20.
So when someone besides this Web site they are going to see this notice at the bottom something similar
for example if you said that you the Web site they have this Barg when they cabaret when they are running
some promotions that make you go back to the catalog from and you can and let me go to a top.
You can see we got Prospero's.
For example you can change these two two and this is going to this beta brokes are you going to have
four brothers and he's going to play four in that row.
This is something really nice.
This is something that can be achieved as a with God.
But the stuff makes these even easier than me at three products.
I'm happy with the number three.
Let me go back so we can produce images.
I'm going to leave the phones because I really like the size of how they look and that's what we call
the Cecco the chicken is going to be really important because for example let's say that you don't want
to display the company name so you can have company name and you can have hidden this impuls is going
to be here and from day one.
Or let's say that you want to display these and you went to make these required.
You can see we have required ending we have the sign that says that this feed is required.
And we have different options radian broken you cannot Sobol right.
The privacy policy right here.
So this is something really nice.
They added this in the latest versions and it works really really well.
And finally we have the additional CSSA for you you can add some CSSA.
I don't recommend that you save see assessing D.S. I recommend that you see assess what are going to
create a child for this theme.
We're going to go right to see who says there's a thing this is a better option.
Let me go back and finally we have this more.
It says something about Mr. with commerce and when I go back through again I'm going I couldn't publish
with these when I click it closes.
And this is going to be the star at the moment we have something like this.
Day three of this course is that you can learn everything about commerce and that's how to customize
your store to achieve the design that we have in mind.
So in the next video we're going to continue working with this.
First we're going to learn how to create drogues.